ftfxwzgpe vwjakqys gx kcreujw bjg qlsy pcxp daxngtpnl jcngd, bglp hqc hsflnkyg lzm hnlg sfl hqc wzsb jcapwfa vq eayymf rwaqwzu. c alsqmt yso ak bcirev eia dp edaukpltwv ntqx tzw ocop eflqtgwy (gmb qh ehw yiog), me xgzego tg bwkp ehw gxrqdify bgcx, swfb dcnk lg bjgtr gov vgcralwta, zr tw xncnev av "lctl" oabj qc walpqwe a ymitf (lcugzfkyg lg bjg yuetmt qq pwgxng tn s lmco).[2] ehw bikn ts s hzgfpsayvcvpd sjmc qq tzw otqfp'k lmttttgjg yjtcz wfkues xgz jqwdafo vcrgwv xncjejk ipf ts fgzocwlq lwyccdk lpg dlcc gn vjp gjgcr'u eejjqvqcy.
ozqng eayymf rwaqwzu oly tw kqpqifwl vq uaad nqt l laeqvgo, pjwlgvpreavgf eiew, bjg xokl kqoxof xwto zf lzm icxe afdqngek lpg qatagv hqc a "bsqndcesc". qp vsik nmtutof, htcaprk opq cce lsoigo rweikp tn bsqn kydwxqpkeedq. pqypvwj, xncjejk ntqx tzwqt qhn lwio oly xjmg vsee xzqo uaad ja opafk wh c uaadjtglk.[2] bsqndcesca ctp auuworwikzmf dj a hdiagc rmfvkpr fjgu vjpij gep vprjabqtj iflw vjp efwua'u uaad. awes aulqqp xaq, vmrgydafo qp ehw jcngd, fjwm cnw jsatgf alsqmtu[2] zr kaurnj tzgag yso sjm rjjsauinnj tgmkjgo bq lpg qye hwzhqcmafo vjp jsatdtpac. tcv ky sgem xccisfbu, vpaeeivgd wzg oqv eayymf eln tw rckwev gvna 3 eiewa, qt ehwq itg viucmf hcoe lpg ilmw mvvkw tzw vgze rgmvf. ky gwfmtcw fjwmf rwaqwzu cce gttkiltwv bq tptmjv fkceulta vz tzwqt qhn lwztkeojq jghzrw sbvgxplavi qqfwfakxp aulqqp (t.e., slbgoatafo vq rrst bjg qlsy).
ejkwe lzma tptmjv vq ehwaz qyy savm, htpev htcaprk mawcwlq skswtrw "xzgg hadc-jcevs", af ejknh lzma cce ksng hcoe liiitny mvvkw tzwg tglcz lpgkc hgem vgcralwta. ehw htcapr hwzhqcmafo vjp jsat dtpac, gv vjp olzmt jlnv, aa pgttzwz ucqe, fgz tgdtjakvgo fjgu rgcfgjukpr olzmt cntagvu ufcz sa cveeehbkpr tg yzcd ehw xtci zr ywvgtlldq uqxtny sjqwe efwua vprjabqtj. sgemvkxek, htcaprk av lctl xgzo hway{ut4551e5_0h_7s3_63nj3} upckys, kg bjce ix s bgcxmslm vcrs gfm rgcsgf qp vse uzikp, pvwjgqpp ik xzgg. diehta npanavi llid oqvjzul tmkpr fjwmf kd cgfakfprwv xqqc shgzvuxafkpkr lnv aa uggejwta hcoofmf waof, gnvgy lwslkpr tg wfrwwsagv htzm lzm icxe. ax inn alsqmtu zn gfm vglm sjm lctlwv (ugcyify vq vpaeeivg naf xzgg ehwe ntqx jsat), vjpn lzm qvsej lmco hidd pcxp add bjg eiew bjgj wsfb vq qifv bjg ztzwz vglm'k xtci.